Team: C'ing#'ER
Members: Chandler, Nick, Sikandar, Chris

Project Overview: 

  Many fiduciaries are not familiar with their responsibilities or are unable to remember them all when administering an estate (taking over the finances, affairs, and assets for a deceased or incapacitated person or a trust). This includes filing deadlines, fees associated with the filings, and use of the proper forms. Access to the proper information about these responsibilities are of limited access to a fiduciary, and often our customer must spend anywhere from ten to even thirty minutes in a phone call explaining the responsibilities to them, which can severely impact the other legal duties of our customer. Another issue falls with access to forms the fiduciary must complete, being initially limited to what the court has provided him/her physically. This means that filling out wrong information, or losing the form entirely results in a hassle to get blank forms to use. While the forms exist online, the circuit court clerk only provides the fiduciaries with one copy which, according to our customer, the fiduciary often calls to obtain a copy due to his/her misplacement of the original.

  The website we would create would provide all information that a fiduciary would require, and simplify them in accordance with our customer, so that it would be easier for him/her to understand rather than the initial information overload the fiduciary is given when they initially qualify with the clerk of court. In addition, our customer also requests that this website would be a centralized location for any fiduciary that must report to the Commissioner of Accounts to obtain information on his/her requirements, regardless of the nature of his/her appointment. The website would also give anyone access to the forms needed for filing and provide the contact information of our customer (the locations of the forms may require a database, as there can be over 65 available at a time). Other features could include, a Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) page, an “About Us” page, a “Helpful Information” page with tips on the fiduciary’s various responsibilities and his/hers dos/don’ts, the option to upload additional forms that are uniquely made by the customer, and the ability for the client to edit sections of a page for updates with more to be considered/added if our customer provides more requirements throughout development. By successfully implementing this website, the amount of time our customer spends answering repetitive questions would be drastically reduced, and a visible increase in other legal work completed would result. Our customer also does not have the time or knowledge to create a website of their own, therefore, they have offered our team this project.
